# Unused-Medicine-Donation
Global access to high-quality medicines and other medical items is critical for people's health to be maintained and improved. Because of global health inequities, many low and middle-income nations face shortages of essential medicines and medical supplies. External governments, pharmaceutical corporations, and NGOs provide donations to countries or particular health facilities to help close the gap. Medicine and other medical product donations are an important part of medical relief efforts, and they represent a global reaction to countries and regions hit by human and environmental disasters.
In this project, we try to build a system wherein unused medicine can be put into use and at the same time can be used to help the ones who are in dire need of the same. 

- Herein the “Unused Online Medicine Donation Portal” is different than the traditional donation systems we see. It helps in putting unused medicines in our homes to good use by simply donating them to the ones who might be in an urgent and dire situation. For example, in the case of Antibiotics left over in the pack after completing the prescribed course, all of us have surely, at some point in our lives, found ourselves with medicines that we may not have a use for in the near future. Hence Reaching the medicines that lie in our homes to those who need them is one of the simple ways of putting them to use and in the process, saving the money of such people.
- Hence this project makes use of web development to build an online portal that helps an individual (the donor) connect with the various NGOs (the receiver), hence acting as a bridge between the two. The website is completely hassle-free and user-friendly, with an authentication step of sign-in/login for both the donators and certified NGOs. The portal will only allow access to donations for certified NGOs, if the certification is found to be fake, the admin can remove its access.
